README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

feat: add datastore abstraction with postgres support

README.md, after:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

Install dependencies and start the dev server:

```bash
pnpm install
pnpm dev
```

### Environment variables

Copy `.env.example` to `.env.local` and populate the values for Airtable, Neon (Postgres), and other integrations. Key variables:

- `DATA_STORE`: `airtable` (default) or `postgres`
- `DATABASE_URL`: Neon connection string for Postgres
- `AIRTABLE_API_KEY`, `AIRTABLE_BASE_ID`, `AIRTABLE_ENDPOINT_URL`
- `SESSION_SECRET`, `SMTP_*`, `MAIL_FROM_ADDRESS`, `GOOGLE_*`, `GEMINI_API_KEY`

### Database migrations & sync

Apply migrations to Neon/Postgres:

```bash
pnpm db:migrate
```

One-time (idempotent) Airtable → Postgres sync:

```bash
pnpm db:sync:from-airtable
```

### Development tips

- Set `DATA_STORE=airtable` to keep current behavior, or `postgres` to use Neon via the datastore abstraction.
- API routes resolve the datastore server-side only; no secrets are exposed to the client.
